Release notes for v6.0.8-1 (#1088)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/platforms/release-notes/k8s-6-0-8-1-2020-10.md

weight: 74
alwaysopen: false
categories: ["Platforms"]
---

The Redis Enterprise K8s 6.0.8-1 release is a *major release* on top of [6.0.6-24](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/releases/tag/v6.0.6-24) providing support for the latest [Redis Enterprise Software release 6.0.8-28](https://docs.redislabs.com/latest/rs/release-notes/rs-6-0-8-september-2020/) and includes several enhancements (including OpenShift 4.5 and Kubernetes 1.18 support) and bug fixes.

## Overview

This release of the operator provides:

 * The latest release version of the operator
 * New features
 * New support K8s distributions and platforms
 * Various bug fixes

Follow the instructions in ["Upgrading a Redis Enterprise Cluster in Operator-based Architecture"]({{< relref "/platforms/kubernetes/upgrading-kubernetes-with-operator.md" >}}) to upgrade to this Kubernetes operator release.

## Images

 * **Redis Enterprise** - redislabs/redis:6.0.8-28 or redislabs/redis:6.0.8-28.rhel7-openshift
 * **Operator** - redislabs/operator:6.0.8-1
 * **Services Rigger** - redislabs/k8s-controller:6.0.8-1 or redislabs/services-manager:6.0.8-1 (Red Hat registry)

## New features

>  * Modules can be configuration in the database custom resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Redis [Modules](https://redislabs.com/redis-enterprise/modules/) can now be [configured](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/redis_enterprise_database_api.md#dbmodule) in the database custom resource.
```

>  * Support was added for **OpenShift 4.5**

Reviewer: want to add links to OpenShift 4.5 and K8s 1.18 on their respective Websites? perhaps to their release notes?

Author: I added the links

 * Support was added for **Kubernetes 1.18**
 * Added support for the [Gesher admission control proxy](https://github.com/RedisLabs/redis-enterprise-k8s-docs/blob/master/admission/GESHER.md) to provide an administrator the ability to setup delegation to avoid the need for administrator intervention on every namespaced deployed operator.

## Important fixes

>  * Added the missing services rigger health check (RED47062)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Added the missing Services Rigger health check (RED47062)
```
